Let's discuss the imperial examination with you today
So what do you think?
minister against minister
If you are against it, then say it well
I should let someone who can manage the country
Those untouchables have neither knowledge nor discipline
It will only miss me
This man was born
perform their duties
Seeing the people should do what the people should do
This governs the country
You also have to let those who come from powerful backgrounds
The third prince's words are bad
The poor are also human
As long as you are willing to read and learn
What's the difference between you and me?
Yu Qian
If memory serves
You too were born into a cold family.
how
The sword leaves the fog and tears rise
The Prosperity of the Third Prince
Besides
Today's officials are capable of doing anything
Hirata officials instead increased financial spending
Design for Jiangshan
I hope His Royal Highness the Crown Prince will think again.
Don't be noisy.
From today onwards
All officials will do their own thing
Will be reported in the daily newspaper
One monthly report per month
I will arrange the appointment supervision
If fake
Falling to the earth and bullying the monarch to return to His Highness
Officials at all levels
Are you aware of the matters within your jurisdiction?
processing method
deal with soil
Will be reported in the daily monthly report
His Royal Highness
We have never had a precedent for such a thing
If there is no precedent, then set a precedent
Execute now
Since you can do it
There's almost a solution.
If you can't solve it, then go home and gamble
Ok really